An  engaging  description  of  the  project,  including  how  and  why  it  will  add  value to  extant understanding of the topic.
Rails of Justice has been an ongoing project for two semesters and this group of students will be the ones to ensure that a working final submission will be presented to ACCR. In order to do that, it is essential that the general public, and everyday users of the site will have clear and efficient ways of viewing the Map of Justice. Improvements by Team 23 will include accommodating for those with colorblindness by adding in a variety of colors for the map based on number of cases and number of inmates on death now. In addition, when hovering over the map, a background for the county information will make it more visible. Finally, the county borders are not clear, and we would therefore like to implement a thicker county line. For the administration, it is vital that altering the data the map contains is as easy and efficient as it is for the public to view it. Because of this, we have decided that we will have a place to individually input new information for each county, as opposed to having to go into a database. These two improvements will add user friendly value to the website that will make the lives of those using it easier. 

A discussion of the social, ethical, economic and real-world issues that must be addressed for the project to deliver value, and how the team will do this.   
For the project to deliver value the map must be easily interpretable by the public and accurately convey the number of people facing the death penalty in the state of Pennsylvania. We aim to improve upon previous iterations by introducing more color dynamics so that it is clearer there are differences in the pursuit and application of the death penalty across counties.

A description of the feedback you have received from project stakeholders. If you did not follow some requests or suggestions, add explanations for why you did not.   
After pitching our project proposal to ACCR and Dr. Pulimood, it was clear that we were offering valuable changes and improvements to the map. The ACCR staff was intrigued by our proposition to make the map a bit more colorful or varying in gradients. They were also impressed by our proposition to add an easier way to enter in information for the counties for the admin staff. There were no specific requests or suggestions, as the ACCR staff seemed to be content with the amount of thought that has already been and will be going into the project.

Analysis of any ethical or legal concerns posed by the implementation or use of the system. 
When considering ethical or legal concerns, it does not seem as if the mapping justice would have any. Since only the ACCR staff will be able to enter county information, there should also be no ethical or legal concerns of unauthorized or malicious users from entering false information. All information should be made public for all to view such as the population, number of cases, number of those on death row, and those who are actively working on the cases.

Descriptive analysis of security and privacy concerns, and how you will address these.
Since we intend on barring non-ACCR staff from being able to update the county information displayed on the map there should be no concerns regarding the safety of the system unless a member of the ACCR staff’s account is compromised. This represents an unpredictable risk. Allowing non-ACCR staff to be able to change the data of the map can cause the data to be incorrect. There should be no privacy concerns since personal information (besides race) regarding the incarcerated individuals on death row nor those being persecuted will be stored on the website and the information regarding population size poses no risk to any individual.

Discussion of the requirements for backup and recovery, and how you will provide these.
When new data is added to the database through the input website, there will be a new csv as a backup. The server will keep at least 3 prior changes to the database as backup incase of data corruption. These files then can be used to restore the data on the database if the server were to be shutdown. Having only 3 files will reduce the amount of needed storage for the server.
